Improve readme in various ways (#329)
retest/recheck-web: README.md

## Usage of RecheckDriver / "Unbreakable Selenium"

In order to use "Unbreakable Selenium", you just need to wrap your usual driver in an `UnbreakableDriver` (drop-in replacement) and use `RecheckWebImpl` instead of `RecheckImpl`. The code would look like [so](https://github.com/retest/recheck-web/blob/master/src/test/java/de/retest/web/it/SimpleUnbreakableSeleniumShowcaseIT.java)):

```java
 // Use the RecheckDriver as a wrapper for your usual driver.
 driver = new UnbreakableDriver( new ChromeDriver() );

 // Use the unbreakable recheck implementation.
 re = new RecheckWebImpl();
```

> Note that this works only in conjunction with at least one previous call to `re.check`, as behind the scenes, if the element cannot be found on the current page, then recheck-web searches for it in the _last_ Golden Master (where e.g. the ID still is), makes a 1-on-1 assignment to the current elements and returns the element with the highest match, if it's higher than a configurable confidence level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this works only in conjunction with at least one previous call to `Recheck#check(...)`, as behind the scenes, if the element cannot be found on the current page, then recheck-web searches for it in the _last_ Golden Master (where e.g. the ID still is), makes a 1-on-1 assignment to the current elements and returns the element with the highest match, if it's higher than a configurable confidence level. Also check out the other [ways of using recheck-web](https://docs.retest.de/recheck-web/ways-of-using-recheck-web/).
```
